The sound of the rain is so beautiful.
Let me fourth time...
...and then it will cucumber...
...and then it will cucumbers...
...cucumber...
The wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is
blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing, the wind is blowing.